this is a umpc touchscreen mobile pc
it's basically a mini tablet pc they run
a full version of microsoft windows this
particular one has a 7-inch screen it
weighs less than 700 grams and it's got
a 60 gig hard drive and built which is
pretty fantastic um pcs come in all
sorts of sizes and they range from five
inches like this one here up to nine
inches in screen size again touch
screens so basically a umpc sort of fits
in between a tablet pc and a PDA but
compared to a PDA a umpc has a bigger
screen it runs microsoft windows it's
far more powerful and it has a lot more
storage capacity
so when would you use a umpc well you're
using your pc when you have an existing
Windows application that you want to
make mobile now a lot of people have
gone down the path of PDAs to deploy
mobile applications but the limitations
of PDAs is that you have to redevelop
your software to suit the PDA in
addition to that bearing in mind the
size of a PDA they normally quite small
they're a little bit frustrating to use
the control sets that you have available
for development aren't as good and so
forth but in addition to the development
costs people sometimes forget the
support costs and the retraining costs
as well basically if you're deploying in
your application on a PDA you have to
train your people to use it and then you
have to support them in using it but
with a umpc you can take your existing
Windows application that everybody knows
how to use and you're already supporting
and you can put it on a human PC and
there you go you're rolling out bovar
so you'd also use a umpc where you need
the biggest screen you need the extra
processing power and you need a mobile
pc that weighs less than a kilo u and pc
to go down to even 400 grams so so in
those cases a United PC is probably the
answer and there isn't pretty handy just
as a mobile web surfing and an email
tool remember that because it's a fully
fledged Windows PC you can run your
favorite browser you can use your
favorite email client you can VPN into
your network you can do everything that
you can do on your desktop share files
and so forth you don't have any of the
limitation to you that you have a PDA
operating system